What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

    Initialising a repository tells git that you want it to run on this 
    directory.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

    The staging area is like a loading area for a commit. Files are added to the
    staging area then a commit is run to save the changes. Files in the working 
    directory don't have to be put in the staging area, but if they aren't they
    won't be tracked by git.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

    The staging area shows how many files are there to be commited (git status). This
    Allows you to see whether there are multiple files to be commited this cycle. 
    Using "git diff" you can see what the differences are between the working 
    directory and the staging area files.


What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history 
organized? How would branches help?

    Splitting out test and production code would be a good reason to branch it.
    As would significant feature changes.


How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

    Diagrams help show the parent relationship for each commit, as well as showing 
    branches that split off and visually shows the separation of these.


What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the 
diagram the way we do?

    Merging branches brings the changes present in both together, back to the point 
    they diverged, providing a new "tip" of one of the branches. This interleaves 
    the log messages of both branches, allowing for the removal of one of the branch
     references. Mapping it out in a diagram allows for easier understanding of how
    branches have diverged.


What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

    Pros: Allows for quick, low touch, and accurate merging of two files.
    Cons: Conflicts must be fixed before you can commit changes, which can't occurr 
    automatically. Manual merges would mean you would be prepared to look at the 
    conflicts at the point you tried to merge the files.

